Gwenevere Abriel: Front door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you got some good stuff happening.
Jen: Oh my god.
Jen: It's been such an intense two weeks. I can't even tell you, um,
Jen: So, yeah.
Jen: Is it okay if I begin
Gwenevere Abriel: Course notes.
Okay.
Jen: Um, it involves just a tad bit of exposition. I'm going to make that as quick as possible.
Jen: Um, so, it involves a family that I was working with. I'm a 14 year old gender queer identifying person.
Jen: Lives on tribal land with her mom and stepdad and sister. I had to do a CPS REPORT ON THEM BACK IN NOVEMBER for physical abuse. She disclosed to me, including bruises that she had taken pictures of
Jen: It was pretty intense. Um, I asked to remain anonymous. They did not
Jen: Respect.
Jen: Yeah. And so I had a family session with the mom, she was really upset with me. Um, but we actually had a pretty good session.
Jen: And then we had another two after that, by the third one. She was like, okay, like things feel good. And then I resumed just doing individual
Jen: And it was in December. I'm my client reached out to me that she had left her headphones at my office and she was going to be in Arizona.
Jen: With her father for the holidays. So I was not going to see her for a month. And so I i had a doctor's appointment that I had to be at work. And so I met her at her school in the parking lot and gave her her headphones.
Jen: So,
Jen: Fast forward to it was actually the day. The last time I had therapy that day I got a text from her mom saying that she had
Jen: Downloaded apps to her phone that were not acceptable. She was in trouble, she was worried she wanted to merge an emergency session. So I got them on that day and they came in and it was evident immediately that the mom and stepdad were not happy with me.
Jen: They kept referring like I would say because they claimed that she was having this online role play with people. She hadn't met
Jen: And what they were saying did sound unsafe, um, nothing that she had disclosed to me. And so, um, we talked about that. And I was like, so when did this first come up and they would say when you called CPS on us.
Jen: And I was like, Okay, I'm sorry. What was that again. And they were like, November, and I was like okay so since November, and then I would say, and then when did that happen. And they'd be like when you called CPS on us.
Jen: Like, okay, so it came became very apparent. So then I was just trying to do role play. I was like, let's try and get it so you can ask your parents when you want to download an app, because that's what they're asking
Jen: Apparently, that has never happened. And so let's figure out why. And so we role played her asking and the mom came back at her very angrily.
Jen: Um, and so I was like okay let's maybe let's try it again because and she was just like, no, I don't want to do this. This is stupid.
Jen: So then I was like, let's try some mirroring and they were like, no, I'm not in it was just like it was bad. So at that point, I was just like, Okay. Um, what do you want me to do.
Jen: Mm hmm. And she was like, well, that's your job. You're the therapist and i said i am i'm I've been doing this for almost 10 years and
Jen: I'm you don't want to try and do the things that I'm encouraged. So I guess I'm asking what you would like did went nowhere. So
Jen: Okay, um, you make the decision. If you would like me to continue to work with your family, I very much enjoy it. And they were like, will make a decision and they left
Jen: I had like three more clients that afterwards I texted because during the session. It was tumultuous she yelled at her daughter was like when you say you want to kill yourself rather than talk to me. How do you think that makes me feel
Jen: So I was just so I reached out and I said, You know, I just want to say I'm really concerned with what came up in session as far as her feeling suicidal.
Jen: What app, rather than talk to you. I really think she should be evaluated clinically like you should take her to an ER have her evaluated, like if they were like, we will have her evaluated and we will seek other
Jen: Other help and I was like, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know, that was happening.
Jen: Without a doubt, so I was like, I wish you the best um but then I was stuck with a I feel like I should make another report based on what was happened in that session.
Jen: And I was really conflicted about it. I saw advice from my peer I sought advice from my boss and ultimately we decided
Jen: To make the report because, ultimately. All I was saying was, What happened to the session. And it was just disclosing
Jen: Um, but I, and I did it in anonymously through the city, but they knew. They knew exactly who it was. They called my Boston next day they said I was harassing them and then they went and they left to each of them Yelp reviews.
Jen: I'm just saying that, you know, Jennifer at thrive counseling will brainwashed your child against her parents
Jen: So, um,
Jen: It was just a lot of like psychic trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happened in the last seven days.
Jen: This last actually it
Jen: Actually happened two weeks ago today. Wow, when all that happened. Um, and then the next day.
Jen: Uh,
Jen: So my boss was basically like I need you to reach out to your clients and get other Yelp reviews to counteract those Yelp reviews. Right. And I was like,
Jen: Um, I don't want to do that like a, I like that looks really contrived be. I don't like asking clients for reviews, which is something he asks us to do.
Jen: For in in return for $10 amazon gift cards.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what
Jen: Yeah. And so then the following week because now he's in full like meltdown mode. He sends out this email to all of us that we are all responsible with asking all of our clients to do this week he
Gwenevere Abriel: He's on he's on meltdown mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, only because of what happened with the Yelp reviews or other things.
Jen: I would assume other things. In addition to us, but it seemed. It seemed like the Yelp reviews like kind of triggered this because, and then it was this whole thing. Oh god, it was so long. It was like, um, I want you to think of yourself as shareholders in the company.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Wouldn't that be nice for him.
Jen: Yes and yes he printed out these papers for us to go to all of our clients to do reviews and in return for $10 amazon gift cards.
Jen: To me and asked me if I would ask my clients to do it on Yelp for $20 amazon gift cards because and I was just like, I just said sounds good, with no intention of doing it whatsoever because I just that's easier and
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a part of any associations.
Jen: Interestingly enough, um,
Jen: No, but, uh, so be anyways.
Jen: I'm looking into totally because there's, it's like it sort of operates is like an unofficial union. Okay.
Jen: But it's mainly for private practitioners. Um, but they also help get you credentialed so I've been like in talks with them, but in the middle of all this, I've just been a stressed out and miserable ad and a
Gwenevere Abriel: Spreadsheet. Why didn't you reach out to me.
Jen: Gosh. Thank you. Um, well, I guess, cuz like I was able to get through it like I I processed with
Jen: My peer at work who I adore. She's such a great comrade. And then my husband. Yeah, and
Jen: And so then this is just so crazy. So yesterday morning I woke up and I couldn't sleep and this woman that I worked with when I first went independent contractor.
Jen: Four years ago, five years ago now. Her name is Annie Snyder and she's just a wonderful woman, we've made really good friends, and she's been such a great like mentor for me.
Jen: She's a phenomenal clinician I've referred people to her over the years but I reached out to her and I didn't go into details. I just said that I was in a situation. I didn't want to be in
Jen: Explained my caseload explained what I was being paid and a little of how I was being treated as far as wanting to leave and then basically was like
Jen: I'm I have every right to take my clients anywhere. I'm getting credentialed on my own is going to take a while. But in the meantime, can I
Jen: Just come to you. I can bring a caseload. Um, what do you think, and we emailed back and forth over the course of yesterday and by four o'clock. She gave me an offer.
Jen: Oh, and I start march 24
Jen: She's paying me way more than me.
Jen: She's paying me like $15 more Good, good. Yeah. And like, what is amazing. Is that what she's going to do is bring me on and like in return for bringing my caseload.
Jen: Even though she's paying me a phenomenal amount. She is going to help me get credentialed and on my own, so that it's sort of like I slowly peel off from her as I get potential on my own. So I'm going to find my own place. She's gonna pay a third of the rent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, that's great.
Jen: Yeah, so
Jen: It was amazing because when I first got the first email back from her because I drafted it like 430 in the morning and set it to send it 8am. So I didn't look like a crazy person.
Jen: And yeah, when I got that response back at 1113 I was just it, it felt like such a huge weight had been lifted like and what was amazing is that at the end. She was like, You don't deserve to be treated this way and
Jen: From what I know of you, all you do is bring value to every agency that you work with, I would be delighted to have you back. When do you want to come
Jen: Oh, it was just, oh yeah oh so easy that was amazing and and then I started rehearsal for the show that I'm directing. Oh, we could go
Jen: So I have a weekend to that. And I don't know if I told you much about it, but it's about sexual assault on a college campus in an African American man and a Jewish one and it's
Jen: It's so good at it. So satiating and my actors are amazing and I have this all female team of stage manager assistant stage manager assistant director and it just, it feels so good. And we're doing really good work and
Jen: Even though I'm dead tired and everyone around me a sick and I'm trying so hard not to get shit and I'm doing I'm actually succeeding at that somehow and
Jen: Yeah, that's not
Gwenevere Abriel: What a great story.
Jen: Right, yeah. Sorry.
Yeah.
Jen: Um, but there were a couple times in the middle of that that I wanted to use so bad, okay, because I wanted to escape. I wanted to just get away from how all of that felt
Jen: I slept a lot last weekend, um,
Jen: And found myself like on Saturday I woke up at 638 and I didn't want to be awake and I took six Benadryl and went back to sleep, which is something I haven't done in like
Jen: Least a couple of months.
Jen: And
Jen: It didn't feel good. Like I woke up, like, you know, dazed and groggy like 1130
Jen: And it was on Sunday that my husband said to me, he after my first rehearsal. So it was like eight three. And he was just like, are you okay
Jen: And I just broke down.
Jen: And it was amazing the way those three words were just like,
Jen: No.
Jen: Yeah. Um, but it was nice. Just because like I broke down. He helped me. And he was just like they quit the stupid fucking job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's it. That's exactly
Jen: Yeah. And I was like, I can't do it. He was like, fuck it. He was like, we have credit cards, we can figure it out. Like, it is not worth you be this miserable know
Jen: What I was just like,
Jen: The hue, just for like making me feel like that would be okay, even if we did have to struggle a bit like that would be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Allowing that space for that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, wow.
Jen: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's then it's I choose to stay here not, I have to. And I'm trapped
Jen: And that feels so much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So different, isn't it.
Jen: No different. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, then, then you're like, No, I'm gonna stay and work it out until I'm ready to go. Right.
Jen: That's how I felt I was like
Jen: Like no, he's not making me quit. He's not making me lose money like this is not know
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Jen: And then just who was just like, if that's your choice, that's fine, but like I know that like
Jen: Yeah, if you need this, you walk away at any time. And I was just like, they love you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much love there that is just such a beautiful. That's the perfect response.
Jen: Right. Oh god yeah so lucky.
Jen: So, yeah. And it was interesting because then when I went into work on Tuesday.
Jen: I just had this whole different outlook. I was just like,
Jen: Yeah, I don't have to be here. He doesn't control my paycheck. He doesn't
Jen: Like I control my paycheck.
Jen: That's who does and
Jen: If I look at it that way. It feels so much easier. And then he even came in and talk to me yesterday. And it was interesting because I had been at the pulmonologist because I get shots every two weeks for my asthma and I ran into his mother.
Jen: my boss's mother who was on oxygen. And I was like, Oh my God, because she's a really sweet woman. She's coming seemed like every one of my shows.
Jen: And so I gave her a big hug. We were talking and she was like, yeah, did he tell you I was a hospital.
Jen: And I was like, No. And she said, yeah, I was in the hospital with pneumonia at the beginning of February.
Jen: And I was just like, I'm so sorry. Oh my god. And she said, Yeah, you know, he really stepped up he really, he really took care of me. He really did a good job. And I was just like so glad, and I actually texted him. And I was like, hey, I ran into your mom. I'm really sorry.
Jen: That must have been really hard. I hope you're doing okay.
Jen: And so then he stopped into my office and was like Hey, don't worry about those Yelp reviews, Jen. You like yeah, you've got a point like we should probably just like let it go and and well and I was like, thanks. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't even have you didn't weren't making a point you just said sure.
Jen: Yeah, totally. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: his conscience made a point is ethical obligation to not buy someone's review hit him finally
Jen: Well, and I don't even. I don't think that that
Jen: Did I think they like hounding me to get the Yelp reviews. He's like, Oh, back off there but
Jen: He doesn't get it. No. Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh yeah i mean
Jen: Is that now I feel like I have
Jen: I just have the strength within me to just say that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, you know, I don't feel comfortable with this. That's right.
Yeah.
It's a bit of exploitation behavior, isn't it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's where a way not in my comfort zone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's unethical.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, and the nice thing. If you are ever a part of an association, you can always just say you can kind of see it right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it. I want to, I want to stay in good standing and. Absolutely. Well, I'm like, I think that I should even just look at the NSW code about it. Yeah, you'll see it.
Jen: It's right there. And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Under exploitation, probably, it'll be in there or it's not really bartering, but I think exploitation.
Jen: Without a doubt, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's, let's go back to probably uncomfortable part
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta do my job.
Gwenevere Abriel: And talk a little bit about that that that period. Now, there's really cool things that happened to let me press in a little harder. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there increased alcohol use know was there increase marijuana. Yes. Okay. And so to how much that day about that increased sleeping. The six Benadryl how much more marijuana that day.
Jen: Um, I would say.
It was
Jen: I can't remember the exact day. It wasn't the same day as the Benadryl. Okay. Um, but I would say that whole weekend. It was just sort of like
Jen: Hitting the vapor pen.
Jen: At least six times that day and taking at least like I'd say probably around 100 milligrams of edibles each day.
Jen: Which isn't like off the charts for me but is more than I usually consumed. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any increased use of the pornography.
Jen: No. And that was really awesome because I wanted to like I have a memory. I think that it was
Jen: Last Thursday or Friday I it was so vivid, because I had just walked a client out and I walked back in and it hit me immediately in the lobby that I was triggered and I wanted to escape. And I thought to myself like I have for two milligrams strips in my wallet.
Jen: And that's as far as it got
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do instead. Did you immediately have your client.
Jen: I did it pretty quick. But, um, NO, I DID I stretch
Jen: Stretch I did so in in theater. One of my favorite things to do is the drop down role. So basically stand straight up and you drop your head and then you roll vertebra by vertebra, all the way down until you're hanging
Jen: From your tailbone. And then you roll up vertebra by vertebra with your head being the very, very last thing to come out. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice.
Jen: So that's what I did. I did a drop down rollover I took a deep breath and it was like literally my phone was like
Jen: I had to go get my client, but
Jen: It was enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Alright, so things that you're feeling proud of is you were faced with frustration.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you noticed that the automatic thought to use was there, you remembered stretching and breathing and you happen to have conveniently already a constraint of a commitment of an of an appointment, indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Curious to know sometime when there is no appointment. What happens, that's okay. Another another time.
Jen: That was
Gwenevere Abriel: In itself. Right.
Jen: Well, and I think that that was likely what happened over the weekend with the increased cannabis rules so
Jen: Other things. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you tell me what you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text your husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear you say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't even know how to put it into words this shit storm at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's asking me to do something unethical.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel collapsing. I'm I feel trapped or whatever your truth, but I didn't hear you say it reached out to my sweetheart, and it's beautiful lady came to you, but all that time past all that time past, when when it really comes down to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not reaching out. Yeah. To him, and you, you have a he said exactly the right thing. Do you know what would you know why you didn't reach out to him.
Jen: Well, it was interesting cuz he did say the right thing, um,
Jen: But it began with
Jen: He has this tendency lately. Like when I bitch about work.
Jen: Where it's sort of like he he responds basing YEah Bit like he's obviously following like a corporatist style of management, like, I don't know what you expect.
Jen: Like pretty typical for like businesses. And I'm like, babe, you're not hearing that, like in therapy agencies. This is not typical like oftentimes therapy agencies don't have places you can leave reviews, because we're dealing with people with mental illness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I make everybody cry. I piss everyone off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, that's my job.
Jen: Totally
Jen: Yeah. And, and so I think that there was definitely some hesitancy there because of that. And when I did like first breakdown
Jen: He was just like, Let's get you like, you know, he wasn't triage mode. He was like, fuck this shit you're fine. But then, like, as I come down. He was like, but you know like
Jen: It seems kind of par for the course and I'm getting that from both him my brother and my dad all like my brother owns a company. My husband is
Jen: It's just him and his dad who run the ad agency. And then my father works very closely with the owner of that agency as well. And they're all like they have nothing to do with therapy. You know, it's advertising and like
Jen: Creating iPhone app said like, like, you know, environmentally conscious lighting.
Jen: And so it was difficult to really feel heard, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it nice and crisp and clear now. So let's let's let's see if we can
Just sort of dissect this a little bit more but yeah I did reach out to my peer who also works, subscribe, and she was the perfect person to process that was
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not his permission you needed. Yeah, it doesn't work. She can say Fuck that guy she can say it all day long but
Gwenevere Abriel: Your husband saying quit it, we can handle this financially, she doesn't have any skin in the game and your finances, that's different. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, my, on my onto something here.
Jen: Definitely, obviously. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: as bright as insightful as you are, because you're in it. It's hard to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you your well let me work this the other way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we just use the I feel structure if I'm your find your husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm partially getting it. I can contain what you're talking about. And then I do a comma button I minimize it. And I'm your brother and I contain what you're doing. But it's kind of the way it is. Work it out. And again, and again. So I'm that person who once again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Half of it is helpful and really empathetic and the second half is a bit like rug pulled out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how you feel.
Jen: I feel sad.
feel hurt.
I don't understand.
I
Jen: I feel like when
Jen: When you say that it makes me feel like you're devaluing my perspective of my field. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to put that I feel devalued and that's about what just happened between you and I were going to put it over here for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: First I want to hear how you feel when you're at work and you're asked to go ask for counter positive Yelp reviews from your boss. I want to hear how you feel.
Jen: I feel like you feel like it's my fault that I got those negative reviews.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a like I'm gonna do it again. It's really hard to do.
Jen: I know your
Jen: Weight. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
I feel angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, finish the sentence I feel angry.
Jen: That you've asked me to do something unethical.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yes.
Jen: I feel angry that you seem to be demanding that I do something unethical.
Jen: Yeah, yeah. I feel angry. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about the anger. If there's anything around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is the first time I'm hearing it, I wonder, I wonder why I didn't hear it from you.
Jen: I cut it feel
Jen: It feels like a huge betrayal. Okay. It feels like something I never expected and I'm
Yeah, I feel
Jen: Pressure and I feel depleted. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about the tears. What are those. What's the emotion behind there.
Jen: Cuz I feel really heard
Gwenevere Abriel: That I would ask you to do something unethical and pressure you to do it.
Jen: Yeah and that
Jen: I'm
Jen: I've allowed myself to
Jen: Muzzle myself.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it mean to you that I need to do something unethical.
Jen: It means that you care more about the business or you care more about money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than what
Jen: Then the well being of people both clients and employees.
Gwenevere Abriel: And specifically, what about you.
Jen: Specifically, you don't care about my well being.
Jen: My core values.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Jen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Jen: Um,
Jen: I mean creed that
Jen: Yeah, that I've muzzled myself.
Jen: I'm angry that I let myself thinks that I needed to do that.
Jen: And
Jen: I'm angry that you let your anger.
Jen: over onto me.
Jen: When you had me into your office for that meeting in December.
Jen: I don't think I've let go, that
Jen: I honestly don't know how because it doesn't feel like you feel like anything that happened that night was not okay.
Jen: And that really concerns me
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jen. See if you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: Where a projection occurred in the notion. This gets kind of tricky. See if you can catch a projection. What was you were doing to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you drop that on to your brother and onto your husband that that's what they were telling you to do you need to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not caring about your well being, just see what comes up around that.
Jen: I feel like the first thing that comes up is, um,
Jen: I don't think they weren't caring about my well being. They were just trying to be realistic and
Jen: Like giving me more perspective from his perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where they caring about your well being.
Jen: I think they were in their own way, if that makes sense. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And Damien's your boss.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Caring about your well being and so anyway.
No.
Jen: Okay, I get it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you thinking about
Jen: Well, I guess I the first thing came up is that I was willing to give a more credit to my husband father and brother as far as them caring about my wealthy, even while they were saying things that I didn't like and didn't agree with and felt
Jen: Like they're siding with was devaluing my point of view.
Jen: Whereas when I look at him.
Jen: And you say, does he care about your well being. I'm like, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there, is there any fraction that
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe Damien does care.
Jen: I think that he does, like I do, like, I mean even like him coming into my office yesterday, I could tell that he
Jen: Wanted to be kind, like I had texted with him. The I was just like, I can't reach out to any people about Yelp. Right now I can't put energy towards it. I'm trying to protect my self esteem right now. And that's actually like what I need to put energy towards for this moment.
Jen: And I felt like him coming in and encouraging me at the same time. Do not read the reviews.
Jen: Because that's not a good thing to do. Yeah, which is so counterintuitive to what he's encouraging us to get reviews but
Jen: I think that he does. He does care about my well being and some in some place.
Jen: Of course he absolutely does.
Gwenevere Abriel: A portion of it. Yes. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: speak your truth and Damien say
Gwenevere Abriel: That you would ask me to do something that
Gwenevere Abriel: We are similar training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both know that this has the potential to be interpreted as exploitive um it's surprising surprises me that you would say it. I'm angry, I feel pressured, I need this money.
Gwenevere Abriel: real challenge. I need this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's being butted up against an ethical decision coming from you is so difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't feel like an investment and I care about my well being, I need this license.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my
Gwenevere Abriel: source of income.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it threatens my license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we talk more about it. Maybe I'm misunderstanding what you're hearing what you're saying to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't do that up front.
Gwenevere Abriel: So kind of what I was poking around with was the idea that
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't giving yourself that ability to do that. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your husband was able to tap into finally say it clean and simple.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you first.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happens with you. First, this, this is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and so we can see other people doing it to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were doing it to yourself so you repeated a couple of times and Mac that I didn't speak didn't speak at that table didn't do it here. There it is again, you do not like it when you are not spot on. This is how, what is going on for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you just don't like those moments. No.
Jen: Well, I'm like,
Jen: I'm not one to hold my tongue and that's what's killing me.
Jen: And honestly, God, I wish so badly that I was so bad that I could go back and just say what I felt at that table.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Comfortable, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't remember if you're someone who does the reduce but I think Dan
Gwenevere Abriel: In my world, reduce our regular practice that was a failure that just went sideways fast and a lot of different directions bad
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to walk out. We're going to redo this and see how it goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I find that that's a viable option, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It almost seems like once that confidence is back in yourself and you really have a sense of, I've got this other place I'm going
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be cathartic for you to say, you know, Damien I small community. I know we're going to be running into each other and i wanna i want to continue to invest in in our professional relationship because the other ones did and
Jen: Like
Jen: My to
Jen: Continue to invest in our professional relationship. Oh my god, I'm so using that
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it. I'm an important in in order to do that, there's been this unsaid piece for me. Do you have a minute. I just want to redo that moment that we had at the table. I wasn't able to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about something really important. It's still sort of stuck inside and it keeps popping up in other places.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt, you know, humiliated embarrassed and
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost like I got sucker punched at that table.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have liked to have said, I'm not comfortable with this change happening moving forward. Maybe we can pick these topics up again in a week from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really understand the long term objective of this and
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You know I'm acutely aware of my size I I don't like jokes I already know how to make people feel comfortable around it. I love my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I still get triggered when people act out and say funky things to try and cover it. I've got it. You know, I felt embarrassed and I was already vulnerable from not speaking up at the table. So just want you to know. That's still been sticking with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got hurt because you know from our other conversations. This is an area of vulnerability for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was embarrassed and I was already like mad at myself for not speaking. And then I was embarrassed and it's still just really stuck with me and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, that's all I'm done.
Jen: Yeah, no, I
Jen: I guess I'm trying to figure out how to go forward. I can't decide if I want to send him an email or try to figure out a way to see him in person, which is very difficult. There's also we have a meeting coming up on March.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Jen: You feel like it should be once I've gone
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I can't, I can't give you advice I'm not an advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: giver. Absolutely. But what's coming up for me is emails or not. They don't land in the body. The same. They don't land. They just don't you can't see the guys like oh
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: Which is like the best part.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to see him squirm. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it's just it is won't because we're wired for connection when the wounding was interpersonal the healings got to be in our personal and email just doesn't cut it.
Gwenevere Abriel: True and and i know you take a lot of pride in being courageous and being bold and that doesn't match your style. Totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I was hinting at, and it's a projection on my part, wanting safety wanting that really sure everything's already set up with this other gig.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it happens to happen organically, you might like that one where right, I got it right now my strong opinion just popped up. It doesn't mean you have to redo what I just did in front of you, but rather it's
Gwenevere Abriel: All this is the same kind of moment I am. Here's my classroom. Again, I've got this lesson to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go for it. Boy, you know, I hear how important this is for you. Damien and all of you. I'm not hearing any objections.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel strongly and I'm not, I don't even have it put together the reasons why but something's coming up for me. I'd like a little bit of time to think about it, can we pick this topic up again later. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I can come up with the words or something. Maybe I'll throw that out in an email but something's hitting me and I don't know if it's past experience or
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe there is a an ethical thing. I don't know, but I'd like some time to really think about what's going on, but something really important is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a redo like that like a similar moment and it's more organic and then you just got to be spontaneous, which I think you like
Gwenevere Abriel: So that totally don't have to be a plan thing because then you're going to like exactly when. How about now. And oh,
Jen: Where is it happening organically sounds much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you don't have to think about it. Yeah, well,
Jen: It was interesting because like I said, even when he came into my office yesterday and talk to me. I felt it then it was like, I didn't say anything to him for him. Does that make sense. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I hear the center when I was like, oh, that sounded like I'm you know taking care of my self esteem right now really just managing that part just just can't just be doing that.
Jen: Putting up that boundary and him respecting it being like, Oh, okay. Just boundary. And then I was like, I've been. I've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah and your husband just
Gwenevere Abriel: just gave you love just gave me this huge orphan space, but you were depriving yourself from it and easily seeing and and brother in dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in your husband to write scanning because there it is, you're already doing it to yourself. And there it is again. And it's offensive and he does, he's not giving me this freedom. You're not giving yourself the freedom. Yeah, that's the tricky part about projection it slick.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is so slick. It's so much easier to look to hate it on him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then to look at ourselves. It's just like, that's awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hard to see. Yeah. It is hard to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's that. Maybe if we're under a good hypothesis there. And then there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Continue continued reaching for substances, that's still there some success behind it, the convenience of having distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did stretch you did do some breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If this piece about
Gwenevere Abriel: Remembering this event quite on purpose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately, my husband does want my well being. He wants that for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have all this awareness about communication and psychology. They don't understand it. They're not going to see the yes but they're not going to see that I'm going to see it long before they do unfortunately I'm going to have to own my duty. I'm going to have to own what I need clear
Gwenevere Abriel: I need you to tell me that if I walk off this job. You're going to still love me. You're not going to think I'm a quitter or whatever your worst thought of yourself is totally. I need to know. I can just walk away. I'm scared. That's what's out here looks like what was missing. Yeah.
Let's definitely
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you give them a call, Hey, what's the belief about you and your husband that she didn't call him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it just what you told me that story, he will he has this other side
I mean,
That and I think
Jen: I am just so used to handling it on my own. I'm so used to like not reaching out about it and even like when I got in this program. I was really contemplative about telling people that I was in the program.
Jen: And reaching out in that way and it, but it's still so and it's not even that it's hard for me, it's like, because if I make the decision. I'm like, yes, of course.
Jen: So habitually ingrained
Jen: To solve it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that's all, that's all it. Yep. And that's it, isn't beauty of being being this this independent woman and I, you know, we don't want to get rid of that part.
Jen: No, but yeah I
Gwenevere Abriel: was scared. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture that real quick, you called him up. He said, I need to tell you my worst fear, sweetie.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you would have said to them,
Gwenevere Abriel: These people just left my bosses. Okay, asking me to do something. I'm pretty sure is unethical. I feel sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what you would ask from him on the phone.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: I just need to tell somebody. And I just need you to tell me you love me and you support me
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving more of that. Give me some more extreme the worst fear part, I need you to tell me you love me and everything's gonna be okay. Even as my guinea the business.
Jen: Even if I blow up at my boss, I get fired. And I can't find a job or work or bring money in for two months. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tells your body feeling. Pay attention.
Jen: Sick in my stomach and like I'm gonna cry.
Jen: So like a little quiz every in my
Jen: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What was the negative beliefs about yourself. I am
Jen: I am weak.
I am
Jen: A burden. I am making everything hard for everyone else.
Jen: I don't think I would ever say that I don't even realize that's their
Jen: That's their
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so let's get those are our worst things that what if, what if I am that burden. What if I find out
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what was needed. That's the worst fear and that's what love can do it can completely remove that with one sentence of. Get the fuck out of there and walk out now. Baby. Yeah, we got this. We're a team.
Jen: Yeah.
Don't deprive yourself of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to know it to be true. It's going to be there. You just were witness to it. What if it means you have to completely fall apart to be rescued you run the risk of dipping into addictive stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't want that for you. I want you to be able to see that you have a right to resource, just like everybody else does. Yeah, it doesn't deplete your strength.
Let him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that in
Gwenevere Abriel: The heel so fast. It's what's needed
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never get enough right of what you don't need totally other stuff just won't fill it won't fill it again and again, it won't fill it.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you want to be thinking, instead of I'm weak and I'm a burden.
Jen: Is what I am loved and I am supported
Jen: I am
Jen: Worthy
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm loved and supported. So let's get, let's get deep into that more experientially just sort of shake off the nervous that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice nourishing breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some repeating of that I am loved
I love
Jen: Is worded
Jen: And I am worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel it in the body, and I'll do some inviting around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: My arms are warm up.
Our
Gwenevere Abriel: Warm
Jen: Yeah and there's like a tingling like throughout my whole body like especially my thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and they are possibly resting there, right there. Gravity's to sort of holding them down, there's this sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Pulling down sort of heavy weight of a sense of down and warm. He
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't have anything to do just resting
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm love loved. I am supported and worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that little bit of that negative image that you had with being asked to do something that was unethical.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull that WORST piece hearing him ask you to do that. Maybe somewhere in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok and now get get back into those arms. Feel the warmth of those arms. Oh, that's not the only truth. I did hear those words and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm loved
Gwenevere Abriel: And supported
Gwenevere Abriel: safe, I'm safe around unethical behavior. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time, what we'll do is do some of the EM Dr around that burden piece might go back a little and see how old that one is
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's schedule another appointment.
Jen: March 5 at nine work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me which group you're planning on attending. I just want to make a little note to myself.
Jen: I'll be there on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Monday, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Beautiful.
Jen: So I don't need to worry about medicine until Monday.
Jen: I also dropped down to a
Jen: And what is it, so I was at
Jen: He and I wanted to drop down to one.
Jen: So I'm at 2.5 2.5 milligrams. So I was it. I'm sorry. No, I'm at 2.5
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: 2.5 milligrams
Jen: The 11th.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot of. Excellent. Very cool. So maybe the the invitation during this is to if you liked some of that thinking just sitting with that as an alternative to having to solve what this the demands from the outside that first breath stretching mind involved with the truth, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: This does seem like a threat threatening something important. I am perceiving a threat, my livelihood my well being. Yeah, okay. That might be going on and I can be in my body. I can be aware
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm safe. I'm loved I'm supported
I'm worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let your body find that congruency
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can't, it's urgent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Need social medicine. Yeah, not not escape. Right. Hey, that that was hurtful by a person, let's let's get a person reminding you of what you forgotten in that moment. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome, and I'll see you soon.
Jen: Okay.
All right.